---
layout: post
title: "David Rangel, Blogger, Launches Site"
date: 2018-10-26
---

For the past six weeks i've learned multiple things that relate to coding and many things that are going to help me in the future. We start off on the first week of school and we started to learn vocabulary and basic things such as HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language) which is basically the things needed to make a page and 4 days after that we started to use github.com to help us make our very own website, and that website shows other people some things about the websites creator. At first it was tricky even though we had a step by step tutorial to help us set up our website, I started to learn that we needed many codes just to set up the website alone, we needed files to put in things like main.css, and index.html. As soon as I started memorizing the codes it got a bit easier and then I made my first blog the 21st of Septemeber. We were told to make a blog post at the end of every week to summarize what we thought of and what we learned that week. The 25th of Septemeber we learned about video game coordinates and to think of a video game idea. The first days of October we learned about Markups and we went on a website and tried to find what some markups meant. I found out alot of things that helped me understand how to code more such as <p> defines a paragraph and things along those lines, I ended up finding out what 7 markups define into. 3 days after that we were introduced into our flag project and basically we had to put flags in code and make them out, at first we looked for our flags and made one on paper and later on those days we started to make it. October 9th we got a deeper understanding of how to make shapes and their sizes with certain codes and it fascinated me. Later on we learned about pair programming and soon I found myself working with someone and we worked together to create shapes in different coordinates to match the image we were given. As soon as we all got a hang of it we were told to then work alone and no one seemed to struggle. The 15th of October we learned about putting an image on our coding with Wescheme and we learned it needed to end in .png, .gif, .bmp. Currently we are doing our video game project and working with partners and thats about it.
  
